Add post and event to announce SR2021 and Kickstart (#231)
srobo/website: _posts/2020-10-29-sr2021-registration-open.md

---
layout: news
title: Registration opens for Student Robotics 2021
---

We're excited to announce that registration for the 2021 season of Student
Robotics is now open!

Unfortunately, we were unable to find a way to run a physical competition in a
COVID safe way. Instead, following on from the success of our
[previous virtual competition](https://studentrobotics.org/news/2020-07-25-post-competition/),
we will be running the competition in a simulated environment.

The competition cycle will start with a live streamed [Kickstart event][kickstart]
on 21st November at which the game will be announced and the simulator shown off to teams.

> The competition, which will take on May 1st 2020, and will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The competition, which will take on May 1st 2021, will
```
